chore: add 0.6.0 examples to README.md (#441)
open-feature/js-sdk: packages/server/README.md

OpenFeature.setLogger(new MyLogger());
```

### Named clients:

You can have several clients, that can be referenced by a name.
Every client can have a different provider assigned. If no provider is assigned to a named client, the global default
provider is used.

```typescript
import { OpenFeature, ProviderEvents } from '@openfeature/web-sdk';

OpenFeature.setProvider(new YourProviderOfChoice())
OpenFeature.setProvider("client-1", new YourOtherProviderOfChoice())

// Uses YourProviderOfChoice (the default)
const unnamedClient = OpenFeature.getClient()

// Uses YourOtherProviderOfChoice as it is set explicitly
const client1 = OpenFeature.getClient("client-1")

// Uses YourProviderOfChoice as no provider is set
const client2 = OpenFeature.getClient("client-2")
```

### Events:

> Events allow to react to state changes in the provider or underlying flag management system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events provide a way to react to state changes in the provider or underlying flag management system.
```

You can listen to events of either the OpenFeature API or individual clients.

```typescript
import { OpenFeature, ProviderEvents } from '@openfeature/web-sdk';

// OpenFeature API
OpenFeature.addHandler(ProviderEvents.Ready, (eventDetails) => {
  console.log(`Ready event from: ${eventDetails.clientName}:`, eventDetails);
});

// Specific client
const client = OpenFeature.getClient();
client.addHandler(ProviderEvents.Error, async (eventDetails) => {
  console.log(`Error event from: ${eventDetails.clientName}:`, eventDetails);
});
```

### Shutdown:

The OpenFeature API provides a close function to perform a cleanup of all providers attached to any client.

```typescript
import { OpenFeature, ProviderEvents } from '@openfeature/web-sdk';

> await OpenFeature.close()

Reviewer: Similar comment to what I said on the client. Perhaps the example should hook into the on exit process event.

Author: Makes sense, but I am not sure which handler to use.
The Node docs state that the exit handler may only be synchronous. https://nodejs.org/api/process.html#event-exit
We may add a SIGINT handler, that is called then. A bit too much detail but maybe okay? 

```suggestion
// Shutdown on CTRL+C
process.on('SIGINT', async () => {
  await OpenFeature.close();
  process.exit();
});
```

Reviewer 2: Think it's a clear enough example. I don't think it's necessary to also include `SIGTERM` and its friends for things like Kubernetes etc

OpenFeature.setLogger(new MyLogger());
```

### Named clients:

You can have several clients, that can be referenced by a name.
Every client can have a different provider assigned. If no provider is assigned to a named client, the global default
provider is used.

```typescript
import { OpenFeature, ProviderEvents } from '@openfeature/web-sdk';

OpenFeature.setProvider(new YourProviderOfChoice())
OpenFeature.setProvider("client-1", new YourOtherProviderOfChoice())

// Uses YourProviderOfChoice (the default)
const unnamedClient = OpenFeature.getClient()

// Uses YourOtherProviderOfChoice as it is set explicitly
const client1 = OpenFeature.getClient("client-1")

// Uses YourProviderOfChoice as no provider is set

> const client2 = OpenFeature.getClient("client-2")

Reviewer 2: Can anyone think of a situation were you would like to `close`/`shutdown` a client e.g. only `client2`? If I follow everything correctly at the moment is everything or nothing. You can not only `dispose`/`shutdown` provider2.

Author: Good question, also shortly thought about it.
The spec at least only defines the shutdown for API and provider🤔

Reviewer: I can't think of a realistic scenario where someone would want to do this. I think it's best to leave that out until one is identified.

```

### Events:

Events provide a way to react to state changes in the provider or underlying flag management system.
You can listen to events of either the OpenFeature API or individual clients.

> Providers do not have to dispatch events, so they may not dispatch any or only some kinds of events.
> The events after initialization, `PROVIDER_READY` on success, `PROVIDER_ERROR` on failure during initialization,
> are dispatched for every provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The events after initialization, `PROVIDER_READY` on success, `PROVIDER_ERROR` on failure during initialization,
are dispatched for every provider.
However, other event types may not be supported by your provider.
Please refer to the documentation of the provider you're using to see what events are supported.
```

What do you think about this phrasing?

Author: Yeah thats good, I will add that.
